DOCSP-47554 Update Connect to Databases landing page (#210)
mongodb/docs-relational-migrator: source/database-connections/database-connections.txt

Use Cases
---------

> You can save a new database connection:

Reviewer: [Suggestion]

Our [style guide](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/style/lists/#introductory-text) suggests that we should avoid using a fragment to introduce a list. While what you have here is technically a full sentence, it might be slightly easier to parse if we write this as something like:

```suggestion
To save a new database connection, perform one of these actions:
```

> To save a new database connection, perform one of these actions:

Author: Yeah, I think it read more like "use cases" using the old non-style guide approved language (You can do X while Y, Z, etc).

Now it seems more like "Get Started" to me as well, which more closely matches the style guide concept page prototype. (I think that means the style guide is working haha)

I'll update the section title and remove the existing "Get Started" section which I don't think adds much currently.

> - When creating a project from a live database connection
> 
> - When creating or modifying a data migration job
> 
> - From the :guilabel:`Database Connections Bar` in a project
> 
> - From the Relational Migrator :guilabel:`Connections` page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a project from a live database connection.

- Create or modify a data migration job.

- Navigate to the :guilabel:`Database Connections Bar` in a project.

- Navigate to the Relational Migrator :guilabel:`Connections` page.
```

> After saving a database connection, you can use it for any 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you save a database connection, you can use it for any 
```

task that requires connecting to a database.

Supported Alternatives
----------------------

Relational Migrator can use Data Definition Language (DDL) files 
exported from your relational database to create a project when 
network connectivity or permissions to your relational database 

> are a consideration.

Reviewer: [Suggestion]

Start with the condition, so users can tell whether they should care about this information. As in something like:

"If network connectivity or relational database permissions are a consideration, you can use Data Definition Language (DDL) files exported from your relational database to create a Relational Migrator project."

Relational Migrator also provides a pre-defined relational database schema.

> The sample schema allows you to try Relational Migrator even if you aren't
> able to connect to a relational database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample schema lets you try Relational Migrator even if you can't connect to a relational database.
```

> These options allow you to create projects and map schemas without live 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These options let you create projects and map schemas without live 
```

> These options allow you to create projects and map schemas without live 

Reviewer: I feel like this paragraph works best as an introduction to this section. At first I had some trouble understanding why I might use these alternative approaches, and I feel like my questions were cleared up here. I'm kind of imagining something like:

"If you don't have a live connection to your relational database, you can use the following options to create projects and map schemas:"

Then a list of the options. What do you think?

Author: I think making this change may also allow me to split the other methods into bullet points vs the current less parseable paragraphs.
